index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
---

I’m a PhD Candidate in Social and Political Science at Bocconi University in Milan. I'm currently working remotely from the Netherlands. 

In my research I try to understand the broad consequences of far-right success in Western liberal democracies. For example, I study how the electoral victories of far-right candidates change how we view and treat minorities. In other work, I study when and why (far-right) anti-establishment parties disrupt the legislative process, even when further removed from cameras and the public eye. In recently published work, I look at support for disruptive pro-environment (e.g. Extinction Rebellion) and environmental-critical protests (e.g. Farmers).My research has been published in the _British Journal of Political Science_.

During the 2023–24 academic year, I was a visiting student at Princeton University and the London School of Economics.  Before my PhD, I was a Fulbright scholar at Duke University, where I earned a Master’s degree in Liberal Studies (major: political science), and studied Media and Journalism at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam. 
{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

Commit message:

Add research publications to index.md
Added a section detailing research publications and projects.

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
---

I’m a PhD Candidate in Social and Political Science at Bocconi University in Milan. I'm currently working remotely from the Netherlands. 

In my research I try to understand the broad consequences of far-right success in Western liberal democracies. For example, I study how the electoral victories of far-right candidates change how we view and treat minorities. In other work, I study when and why (far-right) anti-establishment parties disrupt the legislative process, even when further removed from cameras and the public eye. In recently published work, I look at support for disruptive pro-environment (e.g. Extinction Rebellion) and environmental-critical protests (e.g. Farmers).My research has been published in the _British Journal of Political Science_.

During the 2023–24 academic year, I was a visiting student at Princeton University and the London School of Economics.  Before my PhD, I was a Fulbright scholar at Duke University, where I earned a Master’s degree in Liberal Studies (major: political science), and studied Media and Journalism at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam. 

**Research**

Public Support for Pro-Environment and Environment-Critical Protests.
Dirck de Kleer*, Catherine E. De Vries, Simon van Teutem (*Corresponding author)
British Journal of Political Science

Far-Right Success and Hate Crimes.
Dirck de Kleer*, Alonso Román Amarales* (*Corresponding authors)
Working Paper

From Exit to Reform Euroscepticism: The Evolution of Radical Right Opposition to the EU.
Sara Hobolt, Catherine E. De Vries, Zach Dickson, Dirck de Kleer
Working Paper

Anti-Establishment Parties and Disruption of the Legislative Process (solo project)
Dirck de Kleer
Work-in-Progress
